Hints and Explanations:
- Your past projects are not filled (Fill in you work history records on Work Experience tab of your profile in People)
- Your Profile Summary is insufficient ("Profile Summary" section on Work Experience tab of your profile in People 
  should be more detailed and complete (Minimum 50 meaningful words))
- Your projects on the average are insufficiently described (Make sure that content of "Project Description" field in all of your past projects records on Work Experience tab in People is as detailed as possible (Minimum 20 meaningful words))
- Your latest project responsibilities need more details (The description of your responsibilities in most recent 
  project in your Work Experience in People should be more detailed and complete (Minimum 20 meaningful words) If accompanied with "Add your recent working activities to Past Projects" hint, it means that you have no active records in the previous 6 month. See the hint below for reference)
- Add your recent working activities to Past Projects (There is gap in your recent project activities. We expect the most recent project to be active now or end within 6 previous months. Please make sure you have added full description of your recent projects, including those for the latest 6 month. Otherwise the quality of your CV will be lowered. Add activities you have participated in within the previous month, even if they are not related directly to the EPAM projects (e.g. you have been on bench within the previous 6 month). It can be participation in training programs and learning paths, preparation for certification, extra-mile activities, CSR and volunteering programs, etc. To add such non-project information to you Work Experience, make sure that "Work Experience in EPAM" switcher is OFF for a new record. Otherwise you will have to specify valid EPAM project. Add EPAM as Company manually and proceed to specifying tor work activities within the previous 6 month without any project reference.)
- The description of responsibilities field in your projects is on the average insufficient (The description of your responsibilities in all of your past projects records on Work Experience tab in People should be more detailed and complete (Minimum 20 meaningful words))
- The information on your first projects may be missing (Make sure that you added not only most recent projects, but the earliest one as well. It is important to know your full experience starting from the very beginning)
- Your actual project(s) details may be missing (Check your projects records specified on Work Experience tab of your profile in People. Projects specified as ongoing (without End Dates) may not correspond to your actual projects participation assignments (received automatically form Staffing Desk, projects.epam.com))
- You have not filled your educational establishment (Specify your Institution on Education tab of your profile in People)
- You have not filled your faculty/department (Specify your Department/Faculty on Education tab of your profile in People)
- You have not filled your educational degree (Specify your Degree on Education tab of your profile in People)
- Please add at least 8 skills to your profile (Specify at least 8 skills on Skills Tab in Telescope using 'Add expertise' functionality)
- Your have not updated your profile for more than a year (Your Profile has been last updated more than a year ago and may be obsolete. Please update your Profile (Work Experience and/or Skills and/or Education))
